Not just go to the meeting
How courageous!
Since you and I must have a battle in Jinghai
Then there's no need to procrastinate
He Yangmu, you obviously heard it
Long Shuai has not yet recovered his skills
So dare to appear
How can a despicable villain like you be a hero?
Shameless to restore the enemy's skills
It's like cutting yourself off from the grave
Sun Baitian
You've been out of business for years and your brain has been damaged
I don't even understand this superficial truth
Hou Yangmu, come on
Today you and I only have one.
Can you leave Jinghai alive?
Long Shuai, I have a proposal
Would you consider
What other tricks do you want to play?
You know why I planned it in the first place
Do you want to get rid of Cao Lin?
Hmph, why else?
It's just that you are too selfish
Want to swallow
You're wrong.
Cao Lin himself wants to ascend the throne
Take yourself too seriously
Poplar
I'm not interested in that
You don't have to talk too much
I'm going to cut this short.
otherwise
How about you and I share the country after I board the plane?
You want to pull the dragon boat to rebel together
It's a good deal.
Poplar, you should know very well
There is no way I can agree to your request.
Liang Fan
You are willing
To be a dog of a waste country lord?
I never thought about starting my own business
Take the hero to the next level